---
title: Qiskit Camp
dates: Dates TBA
tagline: Bringing together the Qiskit community
description: TBD
background: africa
nav:
  - text: Location
    goTo: '#location'
  - text: When & Where?
    goTo: '#when-where'
  - text: Code of Conduct
    goTo: '#code-of-conduct'
---

## What is Qiskit Camp?

Qiskit Camp brings together the quantum community for an immersive three days of training sessions, deep technical talks, and a hackathon with the Qiskit core development team. Learn about new updates to Qiskit and meet the people building it.

Taking place after the annual APS 2020 meeting, the invite-only experience includes a one-day conference at IBM Q research headquarters before embarking to a mountain resort where we will host a hackathon competition in a barn, enjoy winter campfires, and many other surprises!

Transportation, accommodation<sup>*</sup>, entertainment and food is included.

<sup>*</sup> The Mountain Top Inn & Resort consists of cabins where hackathon team members can opt in to be co-located in shared cabin space with priority given to students or others needing travel assistance. A limited number of individual accommodations will be available, so we ask that you make your own bookings if that is preferred.

## When & Where?

### Day 1st
IBM Thomas J. Watson Research Center
Yorktown Heights, NY
One day conference with talks and training sessions with the Qiskit core team, including a visit to the lab to see real quantum computers.

<iframe title="Thomas J. Watson Research Center location in Google Maps" src="https://www.google.com/maps/embed?pb=!1m18!1m12!1m3!1d8307.831526242144!2d-73.80752018446626!3d41.20913802994033!2m3!1f0!2f0!3f0!3m2!1i1024!2i768!4f13.1!3m3!1m2!1s0x89c2b84f4fe21b2f%3A0x457b245b452ccf23!2sIBM+Thomas+J.+Watson+Research+Center!5e0!3m2!1sen!2ses!4v1544474795702" style="border:0" allowfullscreen="" width="100%" height="450" frameborder="0"></iframe>

### Days 2nd - 4th
Mountain Top Inn & Resort
Killington, VT
From the research center, attendees will head to the mountain resort for the hackathon, awards, after-party and winter snow activities.

<iframe title="Mountain Top Inn &amp; Resort location in Google Maps" src="https://www.google.com/maps/embed?pb=!1m18!1m12!1m3!1d2883.0707649708597!2d-72.93972464838822!3d43.72985677901623!2m3!1f0!2f0!3f0!3m2!1i1024!2i768!4f13.1!3m3!1m2!1s0x4cb5331f8662a3df%3A0xe48887aa52db9b91!2sMountain+Top+Inn+%26+Resort!5e0!3m2!1sen!2ses!4v1544474924002" style="border:0" allowfullscreen="" width="100%" height="450" frameborder="0"></iframe>

## Code of Conduct

IBM Q is dedicated to providing an enjoyable and safe experience for all participants. In the interest of fostering an open and welcoming environment, all participants, including attendees, speakers, sponsors, volunteers, online contributors, and IBM employees are expected to show respect for each other and our community by creating a harassment-free experience for everyone, regardless of age, body size, disability, ethnicity, gender identity and expression, level of experience, nationality, personal appearance, race, religion, or sexual identity and orientation. Expected behavior applies to both online and offline engagement with the IBM Q Community.

Examples of behavior that contributes to creating a positive environment include:

- Using welcoming and inclusive language.
- Being respectful of differing viewpoints and experiences.
- Focusing on what is best for the community.
- Showing empathy towards other community members.
- Being mindful of your surroundings and your fellow participants and listening to others.
- Valuing the contributions of Qiskit Camp participants.
- Engaging in collaboration before conflict

Examples of unacceptable behavior by participants include:

- The use of sexualized language or imagery and unwelcome sexual attention or advances, including inappropriate physical contact.
- Personal or political attacks.
- Any demeaning, discriminatory, or harassing behavior or speech.
- Offensive or degrading language.
- Publishing others' private information, such as a physical or electronic address, without explicit permission.
- Destruction or vandalism of personal property or event site or materials.
- Other conduct which could reasonably be considered inappropriate in a professional setting.

Harassment will not be tolerated in any form. Participants in the IBM Q Community should conduct themselves with respect and courtesy.

### Pre-Event Concerns

If you are planning to attend an upcoming event and you have concerns regarding another individual who may be present, please contact [hello@qiskit.camp](mailto:hello@qiskit.camp). Action will be taken to ensure the safety of you and others at the event.

### Reporting an Incident

Instances of abusive, harassing, or otherwise unacceptable behavior should be reported immediately by contacting [hello@qiskit.camp](mailto:hello@qiskit.camp) or by speaking directly with any IBM employee. IBM Q will review and investigate all complaints and will respond in a way that it deems appropriate to the circumstances. The organizers will maintain confidentiality with regard to the reporter of an incident.

### Incident Response

If a participant engages in negative or harmful behavior, the IBM Q may take any action they deem appropriate, including but not limited to issuing warnings, expulsion from an event with no refund, permanent banning from future events or online community, or calling local law enforcement. IBM Q has the right and responsibility to remove, edit, or reject comments, commits, code, wiki edits, issues, and other contributions that are not aligned to this Code of Conduct, or to temporarily or permanently ban any contributor for other behaviors that they deem inappropriate, threatening, offensive, or harmful.

IBM staff will provide support to victims, including, but not limited to:

- Providing an escort
- Contacting venue security or local law enforcement
- Briefing event staff for response and victim assistance
